He Liang Tao fulfilled the bet
Is it your turn now?
Are you going to tell everyone about the good things you did?
And I said, "Okay.
Everything is my fault
I'm cheap
I not only seduced Liang Shao to cheat
I also slandered Yang Min
Give his purpose to Liang Shao
Use this to judge Long Fufeng
It's my vanity
Blame me for worshipping money
I know I was wrong.
Damn it, okay?
Shall we start over?
Mr. Sheng
Please send him to where he belongs.
OK
I'll have someone take him to the police station in a while
The assassin and he must also be sent there, right?
Grandpa, I, I, I have never done anything
The body my father examined at your hospital
Surgery
It is the best hospital in Dongyuan
I don't believe you can't find out
When you went to the hospital
Master Yang has already said
Hou Lao's body is in trouble
Hou Lao's body had problems before the surgery
We just didn't check it out.
You think I bother